Lists
 We have three types of them, Ordered lists in which the items are numbered, we use < ol> element to create it, Unordered list in with the items appear with a bullet points we use< ul> element to create it within both type we use < li> tag and  < /li> tag  around each items, Definition lists in which there is  definitions for each terms, we use < dl> element to create it, < dt> used to contain the term being defined, while < dd> used to contain the definition, we can create sub lists or  nested lists.

Boxes 
Each HTML element  lives in its own box when we deal with CSS, we can change the dimension of this box, using pixels, percentages or ems, to ensure that the lines of text do not appear too wide or too narrow, we can use max-width and min-width respectively. Overflow property used to deal with the situation when there is not enough space for the content of a box, its values can be hidden or scroll. To control the appearance of the box we can manipulate three properties border which separate the border of a box from another one, margin which locate outside the edge of the border,  and padding which which determine the space between the border of the box and the text inside it. For the border we can use the border-width to control the width of the border, and border-style that might be for example solid, dotted or dashed, and we can use  border-color property to change its color,   and we can change all of these three properties together using border property. To center a text in the page we can set the left and right margins as auto. Display element allow us to change inline element to be block-level element or via versa, we can hide boxes or show it to the user using visibility property, we can add image to the border of any box using border-image property, also we can add a shadow around the box using a box-shadow property. 

Array 
An array is a variable that store more than one value, its useful when we deal with a list or related values, especially when we do not know how many items we have, we can create array using var keyword, and we can assign the values inside it (array literal) using square brackets and the values are separated by comma. Those values accessed as if they in a numbered list that start from zero, each item given a number called index, the array name determined along with the index number in a square brackets, the number of items in the array hold in a length property. we can change the value of the item by selecting it and assigning a new value as any other variable. if .. else statement run tow codes, the first one if the condition is true and the second one if the condition is false, a switch statement start with a switch value and it contain several possible value for a variable and a code that should run if the variable match that value. Javascript used a weak typing, therefore if we use error data type it tries to make sense for the operation, based on that every value can be true or false. A unary operator returns a result with just one operand.When we are working with loops we must consider the presence of two keywords, break which stop us from going to the next statement and continue that tell us to check the condition again, also we must consider the dealing with array ( for loop often use the item in array ), and the performance issue that reflected by when the browser comes across javascript it will stop until it processed it. While loop will continue until the condition become true, the statements in the code block come before  the condition in the do while loop. 